(c) Copyright CrowdStrike 2020

By accessing or using this script, sample code, application programming interface, tools,
and/or associated documentation (if any) (collectively, “Tools”), You (i) represent and
warrant that You are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company, organization or
another legal entity (“Entity”) that is currently a customer or partner of CrowdStrike,
Inc. (“CrowdStrike”), and (ii) have the authority to bind such Entity and such Entity
agrees to be bound by this Agreement.

CrowdStrike grants Entity a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty
free and limited license to access and use the Tools solely for Entity’s internal
business purposes and in accordance with its obligations under any agreement(s) it may
have with CrowdStrike. Entity acknowledges and agrees that CrowdStrike and its licensors
retain all right, title and interest in and to the Tools, and all intellectual property
rights embodied therein, and that Entity has no right, title or interest therein except
for the express licenses granted hereunder and that Entity will treat such Tools as
CrowdStrike’s confidential information.

THE TOOLS ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE. CROWDSTRIKE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUPPORT OBLIGATIONS AND
ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
CROWDSTRIKE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY
WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE TOOLS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.